default limit 100 queries (#625)
trinsic-id/sdk: docs/reference/services/template-service.md

### Basic Search

> The default query used in the commands below returns a first-100 wallet result set. The query is `SELECT * FROM c LIMIT 100`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default query used in the commands below returns the first 100 items in the template result set. The query is `SELECT * FROM c LIMIT 100`.
```

> The default query used in the commands below returns the first 100 items in the template result set. The query is `SELECT * FROM c LIMIT 100`.

Author: ```suggestion
The default query used in the commands below returns the first 100 items in the template result set. The query is `SELECT * FROM c OFFSET 0 LIMIT 100`.
```
